 

MBA Company Project 

For 


Abstract 

In the digital age, having a strong online presence is of vital importance for any company. As a 
part of the Digital Plan 2020, VodafoneZiggo wants its website and mobile application to be its 
primary channel for customer interaction and transactions. Achieving this is a challenging task as 
it demands a radical change in the shopping behavior of the consumers to shift from retail to 
online channels. 

The purpose of this study is to investigate the barriers and drivers for the acceptance of Vodafone 
online channels and give recommendations to the company which when implemented can result 
in a boost of sales through online channels. 

Technology Acceptance Model (TAM) serves as the foundation of research framework. TAM has 
been extensively used to understand the factors influencing the acceptance of a new technology. 
For this study, literature review has been done of studies which use TAM in a similar context. 
The findings of these studies relevant to the case in question are identified. Multiple market 
reports on online consumer behavior are studied to understand the barriers and motivators of 
online shopping. 

All the studies validated that perceived ease of use and perceived usefulness have a significant 
influence over consumers’ behavioral intention to buy online. Majority of the studies also proved 
that perceived risk had a negative influence on the consumers’ intention to buy online. 

A sample questionnaire is created which can be used by the company to validate the findings. In 
this study, potential antecedent for perceived ease of use was identified to be website quality, and 
service quality was identified as an antecedent for perceived usefulness. 

It was concluded that in order to be successful in online commerce, it is important for 
VodafoneZiggo to expedite and improve its delivery mechanism and for this an Omni-channel 
delivery approach utilizing the retail footprint is recommended. To reduce the risk of the 
customer while buying online, it was recommended to include best price guarantee and online 
only offers. Lastly, to improve the website design, elements such as comparison, customer 
reviews and automated support must be included.